Title: Does that make you want to urinate?
	Entry to: Month 32
By: Rosemary

During their holiday at Steve's sister's farmhouse in France, Rosemary and Hillary managed to find time to get away from the restoration work they were supposed to be helping and spend a morning in a local street cafe, discussing the holding contest they had held on the way down. (See: The Secret Competition, a previous TGC competition entry.) It had, they agreed, been a great success, and a triumph for Rosemary's handicapping, as they had all been absolutely desperate. Steve, who had not been aware there was a contest going on round him, had been reluctant to stop the car, making Rosemary wait another five minutes after she had asked to stop, pushing her, she now admitted to Hillary, as close to the brink as she ever wanted to be.

"Was that the worst you have ever been?" asked Hillary, fishing for details, "though I suppose the time you wet yourself on that roller coaster you must have been worse, simply not able to wait any longer."

"Actually," confided Rosemary, "they were about the same, maybe this one a bit worse when Steve didn't stop. The roller coaster time was weird, I was a bit drunk and my bladder was really hurting, and I just didn't care anymore, I only wanted to be comfortable again. If I really had to have held it, I could have done."

Rosemary continued, warming to the subject. "The worst times are those when you simply cannot get to a loo, and it's unthinkable to wet yourself, when you have to hold out, however bad it is."

"Yes," said Hillary, "and have you had many of those?"

"One or two," replied Rosemary evasively. "Would believe that one was in hospital?"

"No, I wouldn't, unless you tell me all the details," said Hillary bluntly, "it's about time you confessed some of your desperate times instead of listening to mine."

Rosemary ordered two glasses of wine and settled back to tell the story, Hillary leaning forward to show how eager she was to hear about her friend's desperation.

"This was some years ago, before I met Neil," began Rosemary. "I had just left home and was sharing a flat with 2 other girls. This freedom with a new boy friend, meant we were 'at it' pretty hard, almost non-stop at weekends, which might have been why I got some bladder infection which just would not clear up. Eventually my GP referred me to a specialist at the hospital for 'more tests.' By then I was so fed up with suddenly needing to pee and hardly being able to hold it, I was willing to try anything to be cured. It had got so bad I hardly dared go out for a drink. Twice I had to get off the bus home, literally about to pee my knickers, and go in a shop doorway, and one night I wet the bed, sleeping alone thank goodness.

"After a lot a messing and poking me about this specialist said he needed a pee sample direct from my bladder, which sounded horrible, but he said was no problem, I just needed to have a full bladder and it would be done in a flash. I had been expecting to have to give a sample, so I was already 'bursting,' and suggested he could go ahead. He felt my bladder and said I had to be fuller that that, gave me some tokens for the coffee machine and told me to drink lots of coffee and water to fill up as quickly as possible, and he would be back later. I got three cups of coffee and a jug of water, and began forcing myself to drink as fast as I could."

"If he really wanted you to fill up quickly, he should have given you a few pounds and sent you down the pub," interrupted Hillary. "Nothing like a few pints of cider or lager to get your bladder bursting, and relax you if you were worried about the tests."

"On the NHS?" You have to be joking," continued Rosemary, "I was lucky to get bad, machine, coffee. Anyway, there I was, in a little out-patients treatment room, lying on the bed, drinking so much I was beginning to feel sick. I had taken off my jeans and tights ready for the doctor, just a towel to cover my knickers and keep me decent. As I said, I was already bursting, ready for the normal 'full flow' sample, and even as I started drinking I wanted to go more. Fifteen minutes later, when I was getting quite desperate, the doctor came back to see if I needed more water. I told him I thought I was ready, meaning desperate. He pulled the towel away and pressed hard on my bladder, which I did not need, and asked if that made me want to urinate.

Of course it bloody did! I was already desperate and really had to clench my bladder to avoid a leak. Then he had the cheek to say I needed a full bladder for the test, and to call him when I wanted to go 'really badly.' I thought he was joking, but no, he was serious; in his opinion I did not want to go very much yet and he would be back in about half an hour. In the meantime, I was to keep drinking as much as I could so I would be ready.

"Then I started to worry. Just how desperate did he expect me to get? I was already at the 'I've got to find a loo very soon' stage, and doubted my ability to wait another half hour. Ten minutes later, as more coffee went through me, I knew I could not wait that long. Lying on the bed wasn't helping either, it was really difficult to cross my legs hard, try it, you'll see, and I needed my legs in a knot if I was to survive much longer. I sat sideways on the edge of the bed, where I could plait my legs so tight it hurt, and told myself I was a 'big girl' and I had to wait. I drank one last glass of water and consoled myself that I when I got absolutely desperate, so bad it hurt, I could call the doctor and tell him I was ready. I even considered calling him then, because the rate my bladder was filling, if he took a few minutes to get ready I would be going frantic. 

"I was not into holding contests then, I didn't start that until I met Neil, but my sister and I would talk about times when we had been really desperate and the like, so the interest was there but not developed. This would be something to tell my sister, so I decided I would force myself to really hold on to the limit, and, I thought, impress the doctor with my bladder control. Another ten minutes and I was reaching that limit. Crossing my legs, however many times I twisted them together, wasn't enough, I was holding my crutch more and more often, and for longer. To try and hide this, I was back to lying on the bed, legs crossed as best I could, and both hands under the towel, holding my crutch like crazy.

I wasn't going to be able to wait much longer, so I rang the emergency bell and told the nurse that answered I had to be ready I was so desperate. I still had one hand under the towel while I was talking to her, so she could see how bad I was, but she didn't seem to care. The doctor was with another patient, he would not be free for another five or ten minutes, and he might see me then. Until then, I was to stay on the bed and keep drinking, because the more full my bladder was, the easier it was to get a sample. I tried to tell her that I was desperate, that I didn't think I could wait much longer, but she disdainfully told me to 'behave like an adult, and cross my legs if it was really bad.' Was she completely stupid, or just totally uncaring? I was openly holding my crutch I was so desperate, and she didn't seem to think I wanted to pee badly. 

"She went off and left me in misery, starting to panic, because I was afraid if the doctor didn't come soon I wasn't going to be able to wait, however hard I tried. Then what on earth could I do? I felt like a little girl, so desperate I was about to wet my knickers, and not being able to find a toilet, and not knowing what to do. Somehow I found some resolve, I just had to make myself wait. I told myself it would only be five minutes, doctor would some early, and I just had to force my bladder to hold out. There was no point in trying to hide how desperate I was, all that mattered was holding in my pee, so I was holding my crutch with both hands, fingers bunched so they were all pressing on my little wee-hole with all the strength I could muster. 

"You know what I mean? Absolute last resort stuff, like this, so it would be impossible for any pee to leak out, however badly you wanted to go." Glancing round to make sure nobody was looking, Rosemary demonstrated how she had been holding, pressing her fingers into her crutch until she was shaking with the effort.

"Been there, done that," said Hillary, "but only when I have been able to pee pretty soon after, because by that stage you literally are about to piss yourself."

"Exactly," continued Rosemary, "except that I had been told I really wasn't full, had to wait for the doctor, and would obviously be considered an idiot if I was to wet myself, even a tiny bit. I was lying there in just my usual little knickers, remember, so any leak was going to be noticed. I just had to wait, somehow I had to force myself to hold on, press so hard that no pee could leak out, however much pressure there was. Logically, I know that pee holding isn't like that, but I was beyond logic then, incapable of thinking of anything.

"I can't tell you how long I had to wait, I wasn't capable of telling the time any more, but it seemed like an age. I was almost out of my mind I was so desperate, I tried counting to 100, telling myself that the doctor would come then, or if he didn't I would pee on the floor and run out, but somehow I hung on, pressed my fingers into my wee- hole even harder and began another count. Surely, I have never been so desperate, either before or since, I was pushing my body to what seemed the absolute limit, because I didn't have any other choice.

When the doctor finally arrived I was in tears, begging him to hurry and 'do' me, so I could pee. Of course, I had to take my hands away so he could get to my bladder. I could hardly wait holding with both hands, so you can imagine what it was like when I could not hold. I was gripping the outside of my legs, pressing my knees together, using literally every ounce of my strength to hold in my pee. Then, you won't believe this, he pressed on my bladder and asked 'Does that make you want to urinate?' What a question! Couldn't he see I was out of my mind frantic to pee? How I didn't piss myself I don't know, but by some miracle I stopped my pee about a millimetre from my knickers, or so it felt.

"Then he said 'You're not really very full, but I might be able to get a sample now.' Not very full! Was the man an idiot? What did he know about bladders if he could not see that mine was full to absolute bursting point? Anyway, he finally got on with taking the sample, which wasn't a big deal, but I was trying so hard to hold my pee, eyes shut, teeth clenched, doing everything that I thought might help, that I didn't actually see what he did, just felt a cold swab on my stomach, then a freezer spray, something stick into me, and then he was saying 'OK, you can get dressed and go to the toilet if you want to.'

"Until then I had never given any thought to where I would pee when he had finished, I had somehow imagined I could pee there, in the room, as soon as he had done, be given a bed-pan because it was an emergency and I could not move. I was going to wrap the towel round me and run out like that, but that bastard stopped me and said I had to get dressed. Didn't he know how desperate I was? I was holding my crutch again by then, so it was obvious I was frantic, and he was worried about me being properly dressed. 

"Have you ever tried pulling on tight jeans while holding your crutch and crossing your legs? Normally the panic is to get them off, not pull them on. It's impossible, but I had to try, holding with one hand and pulling up one leg, trying to keep my balance. It was absolute torture, I was in tears with desperation and frustration it was taking so long to get dressed. I did not even try to put on my tights or shoes, just drag on my jeans and then run for the loo, except I didn't know where the loos were.

I didn't bother to do my jeans up, I was holding my crutch so they were not going to fall down. I ran out of the treatment room, grabbed hold of the first nurse I saw, and begged her to tell me where the loo was. Thank God it wasn't far, and did I run! I know that normally you can hardly walk when your bladder is really bursting, but I was so bad by then that I could feel the pee beginning to leak, so every second was vital, and I had to run flat out, still holding my crutch. What a sight I must have been, but I was beyond caring about anything except a pee.

"The relief was fantastic!" Rosemary sighed to emphasis how good it had felt. "Pee absolutely blasted out at the start, my bladder really had been at bursting point! Then I just kept going and going, for at least five minutes, or that's what it felt like, the longest pee I have ever had, but it never occurred to me to time it then. At last I was finished, and I was left with stomach ache because I had waited so long, and worse, a wet spot between my legs, about tennis ball size, where I had lost it when I was trying to open the loo door. It did not show too much, and I did not have anything to cover it with, so I just had to brazen it out and pretend there was nothing wrong. I got a taxi back to my flat, hang the expense, I was too upset to go by bus, so nobody I knew ever saw I had wet myself."

"Was it worth it? Did he cure your problem?" asked Hillary.

"I was given some different medicine, that did cure it, but I don't know if that test was the crucial part, or just the doctor trying something different, or just that I got over it anyway. Just as well, because I wasn't going back there for more test, I could not have faced being made to wait like that, or even longer, ever again. 

"Of course, Neil is always wanting me to act all this out for him, particularly the last frantic dash to the loo, but honestly, I can never get to anything like the same desperation level at home, knowing I can give up any time. Don't tell Neil that, though, I want him to think I am really going to the limit for him. I would like to think that if he knew how much I suffered that day, he would not want me to do it again. That was the worst I have ever wanted the loo, really painful, miserable, not fun like a normal hold-it competition. I could never deliberately make anyone suffer that much; pee holding is supposed to be enjoyable, or at least the relief at the end be worth the wait. That was agony waiting, a brief moment of glorious relief, then the pain of a strained bladder and the embarrassment of that wet patch between my legs."

Rosemary, (with help from Hillary and Neil, of course.)

November 2001. 

