The Tables Get Turned

by -Sean-, date unknown

Well an amazing thing happened this weekend. It wasn't quite as fun a getting to see a girl wet her pants, but almost. My girlfriend sort of forced me to wet mine!

I've never been bold enough to tell a girlfriend about my interest in seeing women pee, but I've occasionally tried to get them in positions where I knew they'd be without relief for some time, and then get my jollies from hearing them say how bad they had to go or just listen at the door when they got home.

I was up to something like this last weekend when leaving a party. My current girlfriend who I've been with for almost a year now drank a lot at this party but I noticed never went to relieve herself. As we got in the car to go home she said "Let's make it quick. I should have found the toilet in there before leaving." I feigned a little disorientation and took a route home that added about ten minutes to the trip. And I ignored her when she asked to pop into a convenient mart that was still open saying "We're almost home, honey."

"You'll pay for this," she said quietly, but I didn't think about it at the time.

I was attentive for signs that she was suffering but she sat there quietly the rest of the ride, legs neatly crossed, and without squirming or anything. She did make straight for the bathroom when we got home, and peed for ages, but that was all.

Well this weekend she suggested we pass up an invite from some friends and go out just by ourselves. We went to a bar and had some beers but it wasn't exactly jumping so she suggested we hit another spot, a classy sort of night club on the top floor of a busy hotel. I agreed but having had three beers I said I'd hit the facilities first. But she said "C'mon, you can wait, honey." I looked kind of puzzled and she continued "I told you I'd make you pay." She smiled coyly and tugged me out to the car.

"What do you mean," I asked as we drove to the next bar.

"You're always trying to make me wait," she said. "That's what I'm going to do to you tonight and we'll see how you like it."

I pleaded innocent, but I'd apparently not been as clever as I thought. She'd caught on quite some time ago. She told me she wasn't going to let me go to the bathroom until we got home. And she said she would go whenever she felt like it.

We'd both had three beers, and when we got to the hotel I was urgently needing to go. I told her I wouldn't be able to make it home if we stayed here any time at all. As we rode the elevator up to the top floor I told her I was just going to go ahead and go when we got there. "No you are not!" she hissed.

"I have to piss," I said repeated. Then she reached out and hit another floor button and the elevator promptly drew to a stop. She pulled me out of the elevator into a hallway with just a bunch of hotel rooms.

"You sure do complain a lot when the tables are turned," she said. "We'll try and find you a bathroom here where I can watch you. I guess I'll let you go a little bit but I don't want you to go very much." But of course there were no public bathrooms anywhere on that floor.

We got to the area with a couple soda machines, and an ice maker. She looked around. "OK, go in that trashcan, but just a little," she said.

"Are you crazy?" I asked.

"You guys can go anywhere. This should be no big deal. Hurry. It's now or never," she said, "otherwise you wait while we have some more drinks upstairs. Do you want to just hold it?"

I _had_ to pee, so after a frantic glance around for people, I fumbled with my zipper and got my dick out. I pushed the springy lid of the trashcan open with one hand, holding my dick with the other. I thought I'd be unable to go for sure, but with a groan I immediately began squirting. It sure felt good.

"Stop! That's enough," she said almost as soon as I'd started, but I couldn't stop. She grabbed the hand I was holding the lid back with, and it sprang shut. My piss splattered on the lid and I struggled to clench off the flow. I moaned and bent forward, piss still coming out, but I finally choked off the stream.

"When I say stop, you stop!" she said angrily. But then she started laughing. "What a mess," she said.

"I didn't go hardly at all," I said. "I've still gotta piss just as bad."

"You'll be fine," she said. She drug me off to find the elevator still struggling with my zipper.

We went in and ordered beers. There were no tables so we found a ledge and leaned. This was an up-scale place and the women dressed very foxy. I briefly forgot about things as I glanced as the beautiful women drifting by. My girlfriend had dressed suitably as well. She looked very sleek and appealing wearing what I call "office girl clothes". She had on a nice slimly cut skirt down to just above the knee, a thin but tasteful blouse that exposed the outlines of her bra, short heels, and hose.

As I again became aware of the increasing fullness, I asked her if she didn't have to go by now. She said she was fine, that she could wait. From where we were standing we could see the end of a line of women waiting to use the restroom. She gestured to the line and told me that women just have to learn to wait a bit longer than men.

"You men can just whip it out anywhere," she admonished. "We have to learn to just cross out legs and squeeze our little pussy lips tight." She recounted some of the times she remembered me trying to be clever and make her wait. Car rides with beer where I'd stop and water a bush or fencepost. She said she'd had to go and wished it was as easy to just hop out like that. But she'd sat quietly and waited, still not quite sure what I was up to. Tonight she said she wanted revenge for those times.

"Drink up," she said, noticing I was nursing this beer. Hers was almost gone.

We moved around the bar a bit. My bladder was aching again and I began asking if we could just head on home. "What do you want to go home for so early," she said smiling. Over then next 20 minutes or so, the ache in my bladder became more urgent and so did my requests to either get going or for her to relent and let me use the bathroom. With an irritated look she beckoned me to follow.

"I can't believe you," she said leading the way. "C'mon, we'll find another place where I can make sure you won't go more than you should."

We rode the elevator all the way back down to the main floor. We went back out into the parking lot. I was frantic to piss and walking made it worse. She led me away from the main entrance a ways and around a corner.

"Go ahead, behind there" she said gesturing to a lamp post. We were still in the main parking area and the light from the lamp made this a pretty bad spot in my opinion. Plus there was a group a people getting out of a car a short ways away. I hesitated. "We can always just go back up and have another beer if you want."

My inhibitions were a little down from the alcohol, and encouraged by the mind numbing pressure in my bladder, I unzipped and stood there and started to take a leak. The slender lamp post provided no cover at all and the group of people walking by noticed me. I heard them talking and laughing. I started to pee anyhow. Again, before I'd hardly even got going she was telling me to stop.

"Stop it! That's enough," she repeated when I didn't stop right away. She grabbed my wrist again, this time the one that held my cock. She jerked my hand away and although I struggled to stop, my dick flopped down, piss still gushing out, getting some on her shoe and my leg.

"Goddam it," she said furiously. I was bent forward trying to regain control. It had felt so good to let some out, but to stop again only made things worse.

"Put that thing away," she snapped and turned and headed in. I got zipped and followed after her. Again, I felt like the pressure hadn't abated at all. I was so full a couple seconds of pissing didn't seem to yield any significant amount of relief.

We rode the elevator back up. She was silent. I was amazed she'd held it this long herself, that her petite little body could retain that much liquid. I wondered if maybe she was started to finally need to pee badly herself. Hesitantly I asked her. "I'm fine," she said. "I can hold it. I can control my pee and long as I want to." She still sounded angry.

We went back in. She got another round of beers and also an ice water. "Here, guzzle this," she said indicating the ice water.

I balked. "And what if I don't," I asked?

"Well then you get no sex for a month, that's what," she replied. We'd had a period when we were fighting once where she'd frozen me out for two weeks, contenting herself to use her vibrator and leaving me to beat off, so I knew she'd do this. I drank the glass of ice water.

Another half hour passed and she'd finished her beer. "I'm ready to find a restroom," she said. I couldn't believe she'd finished five beers and hadn't peed a drop yet. I was again in agony myself in spite of having been able to bleed off a little bit those two times.

"We'll have to find a place where I can go but still keep and eye on you," she said. "I don't trust you," she said grinning.

Another long elevator ride to the main floor. This time she led us off to the side of the main lobby where there were some restrooms. "In here," she said waving me into the ladies room.

I was looking for some sign of distress from her. But she appeared completely calm and collected even as she smuggled me into the women's room. She even stopped and checked her hair and makeup in the mirror.

Then she beckoned me to follow her into the stall. We squeezed in and she lifted her skirt and slip, wiggled her hose down, and seated herself. "Oh, my bladder is _so_ full," she said. "This is really going to feel quite wonderful."

"But see," she continued, "I can still hold it. As long as I want to!" She sat neatly on the toilet, legs together, skirt pulled up her thighs. She waited another few moments and finally smiled at me. "OK, now I'm going to pee."

Instantly a sharp hissing sound erupted. I was dying to see her pee escaping but didn't say anything. I was also dying to pee again myself and the sound of her urinating was sheer torture. She gushed for ages, paused, and then gushed again for another long interval. Finally, she unrolled some toilet paper and reached between her legs and primly wiped herself. "Ah that certainly feels much better," she said smiling tauntingly.

She turned slightly to get her hose and panties up and I saw my chance. I had my dick out and was pissing in the toilet in the blink of an eyelid.

"What do you think you're doing?" she exploded. She threw herself into me with surprising force jarring me back into the corner of the stall. My piss splattered the floor as I tried to stop yet again. Finally squeezing my dick hard with my hand, I managed to stem the flow. She was quite clearly furious at me.

I stood there groaning and squeezing my cock to hold back the tide. All I wanted was to finish and the toilet was right there. But she harshly grabbed my hand away and started tugging up my jockey shorts. I felt the pee welling up and thought I was going lose it right there but I held on. She tugged my zipper up and I finished snapping my pants. Oh the agony of zipping up when all you want to do is piss, piss, piss.

"I can't believe you," she said. "I can wait as long as I need to to use a toilet, and you can't even behave for a few minutes." Her voice was loud and she sounded a bit drunk. We both were on our way after five beers. But then she was off taking us back up to the night club and ordering another round with ice water chaser for me.

Again I was coerced into guzzling the ice water. I hadn't gotten to go appreciably at all and the laws of physics were catching up with me. My bladder was aching and hurting, I felt drunk, the people and lights all seemed a blur. Just as I was thinking I couldn't take it any more, a table opened up and we got to sit for the first time that night.

Lovely women filed passed us to the dance floor but all I could think about was how much longer I could control the pressure in my bladder. My girlfriend seemed to have forgotten she was mad again, and was teasing me. "I feel so much better," she said, "and I know you still have to go. Kinda makes up a bit for those times when you've hopped out of the car and left me just sitting there with my legs crossed." She laughed. "Maybe now you'll think twice about that kind of thing, huh?" I nodded. 

"How are you doing?" she inquired now.

"I feel like I'm going to explode," I said shifting in my seat. No position seemed to help, but still I kept shifting.

"Trying crossing your legs," she said smiling impishly. I crossed my legs the way a woman does and leaned forward. I moaned but it was lost in the general noise.

"It doesn't really help," I said. My legs bounced up and down of their own accord.

She leaned around the little bar table and looked at me. "You look funny," she said and laughed again.

Just then the band started into a slow number and she got an evil look. "I want to dance," she said. She jumped up and tugged at my hand. I didn't want to go out on that dance floor. All I could think about was bolting for the mens room. I very nearly did at that instant. The hell with her little game! But then we were standing, caught in the wave of people moving to the dance floor for the last slow dance of the night.

Standing up now redoubled the intensity of the fullness in my abdomen. For some reason my dick was half hard and I had a feeling like that split second right before you let go as the muscles open up, only this feeling persisted. It wasn't just a split second, it was a continuous feeling of nerves on fire, as if the flow was about to start.

And then we were dancing, swaying back and forth. I closed my eyes and felt my eyes roll back. I gritted my teeth. All of a sudden I felt like a couple of drops had leaked from my body but I couldn't tell for sure. I took my hand off her shoulder and reached down and squeezed my dick hard through my jeans. I groaned in her ear. "Honey, please, I said. Let's go, let's go, let's go!"

She glanced down and saw me clutching myself. "Cut that out," she said, "that's not polite. God you're embarrassing me!" She pulled my hand back to her shoulder. And then she pulled me close and began grinding against me.

I gasped and tried to push her away. She pulled me tighter. We looked like just another horny couple grinding against each other during a late night slow dance. She pulled me firmly again and ground her pelvis against me tortuously slowly, trapping my agonized bladder. I moaned uncontrollably, I couldn't think straight. I pushed her away again but she grabbed my butt and ground up against me even harder. And then I _knew_ some had escaped. I felt a spurt of piss and a warm feeling where the tip of my cock lay against my skin. I was involuntarily three quarters hard now from all the grinding. My feet stopped moving.

She looked me straight in the face and pressed still harder against me. I closed my eyes and another squirt of piss escaped, but this time it kept coming, a steady stream emerging and gaining force. I moaned again in her ear. She grabbed my butt cheeks unrelentingly forcing me against her. And then she felt the warmth.

"You're pissing your pants, aren't you!" she hissed in my ear. I nodded weakly.

"God, don't do that," she said and pushed back from me. I leaned forward slightly telling my muscles to stop the piss but they weren't listening. My thigh was dark and wet and the pee emerged visibly from my jeans near my cock bulge. And I couldn't stop.

"Stop it," she said, and she took her hands off me. I reached down with one hand and squeezed at my groin. People were turning to stare at us now and a puddle was visible beneath me even in the dim light on the dance floor. I nearly doubled over clenching my dick through my jeans trying to stop. People stopped moving near us. Then she was grabbing my arm and pulling me from the dance floor.

"Oh my god I've never been so embarrassed in my life," she said hustling me out of the club. Instead of waiting for the elevator she led me to the stairwell. "Look, I'm wet too!," she said, "you got some on me!"

We ducked into the sanctuary of the stair well and she stopped to look at me. Then she was giggling. "Just look at you," she said, but I couldn't quite share in the merriment, by cheeks still on fire from the moments just passed.

"Well at least you feel better," she said poking me in the ribs.

"Not really, I still have a helluva lot left," I replied, reaching down to clutch myself again.

"Aw, poor little boy still has to go pee," she said mockingly. "Well you might as well, you're enough of a mess now."

I looked at her. "Go on," she said. She tapped her foot like she was impatient. "C'mon, just get it over with. I certainly don't want you losing it again in the car now on the way home."

I turned and grabbed the hand railing and faced away from her. I thought how good it would feel to do as she said, to just give up completely. And then without really making any conscious decision to do so, I was peeing again. Piss gushed from my cock and ran down my left leg. I sighed as the feeling of complete relief overtook me. A puddle formed at my feet on the concrete steps of the stairwell, and began cascading down to the steps below, some even flowing over the edge into the center of the stairwell and into the depths.

She skittered down a few steps and around the turn where she could see my soaked front again. She stood looking at me and was giggling again and urging me to hurry up so we didn't get caught. Finally I felt the blessed feeling of near emptiness and I squeezed off the last trickle and started after her. She saw I was tapering off and started off down the stairs, her heels clicking rapidly.

THE END

---

My recent post asking if "girls were different" got a couple responses from women assuring me that there is at least a small contingent of females who find pleasure in male urinary distress. So I decided to write up the above, my fantasy about being detained myself.

There's a bit more to this particular fantasy of mine, but maybe some other time. Altho I've always been the "dominant" in actual WS play, I've always fantasized about having the reverse done to me, a turning of the tables as it were. So there ya go... maybe some other of us weirdos out there enjoyed it :)

