Title : Victoria's Secret
	Category : F desp Date  : 20 Aug 2001 
By  : Neil & Rosemary 

Her father's increasing ill-health had forced him to finally leave England for good in search of a warmer, drier climate, leaving Florence alone and in sole charge of Bourne House. Pleased at first to be relieved of the burden of ministering to her father's every need, she soon began to wish that she had some company in the evenings. She could not spend all her time at Stretchley Manor with the Blakley family, and, much though she would have liked to encourage his attentions, with spinster-hood looming as she entered her 27th year as a single lady, it was difficult to visit Captain Holt too frequently, though he was living in the Ashdown Farm, less that 4 miles away. 

Therefore Florence was delighted when she received a letter from her cousin Victoria, asking if she could visit her for two or three weeks, as she wanted a holiday from London society life after the hectic winter season. Victoria was the same age as Florence, and married to the youngest son of one of London's richer banking families. Florence immediately replied, agreeing to the dates that Victoria wanted to stay.

Victoria would travel by public coach, as her husband could not spare his carriage, and Florence would meet her at the coaching stage in Barchester. The day before Victoria's arrival, Captain Holt called and suggested he should accompany her and they intercept the coach at High Cross, which would be neared Bourne House, and also shorten Victoria's journey by 3 miles. Victoria was travelling on the 10 o'clock coach from London, due in Barchester at 2 o'clock, so they reached High Cross about 30 minutes before this, and were surprised to see the London coach almost there, as it was most unusual for any coach to be early, particularly now the wet spring weather had arrived and the roads were muddy. 

They stopped the coach and the groom began to load Victoria's luggage onto their carriage, while Florence explained to her cousin why they were not meeting her in town. Florence was concerned that her cousin was not more enthusiastic about her journey being shortened, and was surprised how pale and strained she looked. Victoria's maid Beth also looked pale and wan, standing aimlessly about while her luggage was loaded. 

Florence's excitement at seeing her cousin again was dampened during the journey to Bourne House, as Victoria hardly responded to her happy chatter, or the more polite conversation of Captain Holt, sitting tense and stiff in the coach, replying in short terse phrases and often stopping in mid sentence and catching her breath. Another strange thing was that Beth the maid insisted on riding outside with the groom, though the weather, with rain threatening, was hardly conducive to this, particularly as she did not have a cloak to keep her warm.

Victoria knew that she should show more pleasure at her cousin meeting her earlier than expected, and was even more embarrassed that she could not even explain her present mood. Victoria had been intending to visit a friend who lived in Barchester, and not wanting to delay Florence, had travelled on the early coach, leaving London at 6 am, planning to take lunch with her friend and then meet Florence as planned. The road had been very bad, causing them to be nearly four hours late, appearing to be the later coach running on time. London to Barchester was a single stage for that coach, so the passengers had to remain in the coach for the whole journey. When Florence had met her at High Cross, it was over eight hours since Victoria had left the comfort of her own home. 

Despite all the preparations she had made for the journey, it had been less that two hours into the journey when she had first felt the demands of nature. The cold, damp weather had caused her discomfort to increase quickly, so by the time she expected to have reached Barchester, 10 am, she had a most urgent desire for relief, and felt she could not contain her needs for very much longer. Travelling with her in the coach had been a smartly dressed lady of about forty years, and a party of four men, obviously on business together, and her maid Beth. Beth had behaved disgracefully, quite unable to sit still, despite Victoria frequently glaring at her. 

The other lady had made no attempt at conversation, but her looks had made it clear that she also disapproved of Beth's behaviour. Had Victoria been more observant, and less troubled by her body's needs, she would have noticed that the other lady had been mirroring her worried expression and stiff posture almost exactly, and for the last hour of the journey had been sitting with both hands in her lap, covered by a hand warmer. Only the men had seemed undismayed by the length of the journey, discussing business deals throughout the journey. 

Because she had feared that the journey might tax her body beyond its limit, Victoria had worn a special under-garment to help her control herself, and it was only with the help of this 'Ladies Secret' that she had been able to remain decent throughout the journey. Even so, by the time they were stopped at High Cross, she was having to make a supreme effort to control herself, and was suffering the worst stomach pains she had ever known, so bad that she was close to fainting as she climbed into Florence's carriage.

Then to discover that instead of the comfort that waited in Barchester, less that 15 minutes away, she had to endure at least another hour in Florence's carriage, jolting on the country lanes to Bourne House, brought her close to tears. With Captain Holt present, she could not make even the most oblique reference to her condition, either in speech or posture, manners obliging her to sit primly upright, legs together but not crossed, and make polite conversation. Not wanting Captain Holt to have any inkling of her most embarrassing condition, she did not mention how long the journey had been, letting them assume that she had travelled on the later coach. Tightening her 'Secret' even more, she prayed that it would perform as claimed and keep her decent until she reached Bourne, and that she would be able to withstand the stomach pain without groaning or crying out.

At last they arrived at Bourne House, by which time Victoria's need for relief had gone far beyond anything that she had thought possible for a body to endure, with her stomach swollen to such an extent that she feared both that her plight must be obvious to the others in the carriage, and that she must soon burst asunder. Several times, as the carriage had jolted over potholes or rocks in the road, she had to clench her teeth to prevent herself crying out from the sudden extra pain that had shot through her swollen stomach.

For the last twenty minutes she had hardly been able to speak because of her struggles to contain herself, her only thoughts being concerned entirely with how soon she might be able to ease herself. Dismounting from the coach was almost beyond her, and she needed Florence and Captain Holt's help to climb the front steps into Bourne House, where the servants were waiting to greet their guest, and unload her luggage. Her own maid, Beth, simply stood aside, looking miserable and aimless, making no effort to either help her mistress or to carry her luggage into the house. 

As Florence was leading her guest into the drawing room, Victoria's only thought was how soon she could finally relieve her bodily needs. With Captain Holt supporting her on her left, she could not possibly voice her need to Florence, nor could she think of any other way she take leave of her companions. The prospect of having to take tea in the drawing room in her present condition was unthinkable; she either would faint from the stomach pain she was suffering, or lose control of her body, completely disgracing herself before a gentleman. 

She sat rigidly upright, somehow summoning the strength and fortitude to control herself for several more minutes, while Florence ordered tea. Then, driven by extreme need and excruciating pain to somehow leave the room and ease herself she leant close to Florence and said, as quietly as possible, "Perhaps while tea is being prepared, I could retire to my room and change into more appropriate dress for afternoon tea?"

Florence was taken aback, as she had made it clear to Victoria that they were taking tea while the maids prepared her room and unpacked her clothes, and not understanding the real reason for this plea, maintained that her dress was quite suitable for tea with two friends.

Not knowing where the facilities she so urgently needed were in Bourne House, Victoria could not leave the room without Florence's guidance, which was not going to be forthcoming until after tea, so she had no alternative but to sit in agony, her body screaming for relief, attempting to make conversation when she was in such distress that she was hardly aware of her surroundings. Drinking tea only added to her misery, but she had to finish at least one cup before the ordeal was over. 

After twenty minutes, during which she had been able to think of nothing except reaching some place where she could ease herself, the pain in her stomach had reached such a pitch that she had to clench her teeth to avoid crying out, and she was starting to shiver with the effort she was making to control herself, a maid announced that her room was ready and her clothes unpacked. Even then it was another five minutes to take leave of Captain Holt before Florence was leading her upstairs. Walking normally was almost impossible, both because of the pain of her swollen stomach and because she had tightened her 'secret' garment to its absolute limit to avoid any indiscretion during tea.

Somehow Victoria ascended the main staircase, almost impossible in her present condition, and it was only the though of the relief that would be found upstairs that enabled her to reach the first floor without either collapsing or disgracing herself. Turning right, Florence led her along the landing, pausing outside an open door. 

"This is your room. Marge has helped your maid unpack and hang your clothes, and she will get you hot water if you wish to wash. I am ashamed to say that father would not permit the expense of an indoor bathroom with hot water. Later, when you have changed and rested, I will show you the remainder of the house, and the other facilities you will need during your stay."

To her horror, Victoria realised that her cousin did not realise her most urgent need, and, it seemed, Bourne House still had only rudimentary sanitation, with only an outside privy, when walking downstairs and into the garden was beyond her now. Her 'secret' garment was tightened to the limit, but even that was not able to contain her need any longer, and she was on the brink of the most terrible disgrace, feeling a trickle of warm wetness slowly spreading down her stockings.

Almost in tears, she brusquely dismissed both the maids, snapping at Beth to hurry when she tried to complete unpacking before she left. Alone at last, she looked frantically for the utensil she knew had to be somewhere in the room, one hand in her skirt pocket, pressed between her legs in a last despairing effort to control herself, whimpering "Wait, wait, I must wait, please wait," as tried to bend to look under the bed. Nothing was to be found there, and sobbed in desperation as she staggered about the bedroom, at last finding the chamber pot in a corner cabinet. 

With relief so close, after being denied it for so long, Victoria could not prevent a further indiscretion despite still pressing between her legs. She struggled to raise her dress and under-skirts, revealing her 'secret', the garment pulled so tight between her legs the straps cut into her flesh. Even tightened to this extent, it was failing to contain her need, and she was beginning to disgrace herself, losing control despite all her struggles to hold out longer. 

Sobbing incoherently, she struggled to unbuckle it, risking breaking her nails and tearing her fingers as she fought to unfasten the straps which she had pulled so tight to resist the demands of nature. As the straps were released she was crouching over the chamber pot, unable to control her body any longer, nature finally performing what it had been denied for so many hours. Her waters began to gush uncontrollably, splashing on the floor and making a wet patch on the rug. At last Victoria could relax, tears of relief streaming down her cheeks, as hours of agony flowed away, leaving her finally comfortable except for an aching stomach, and this was nothing compared with the agony she had endured. 

Wrapped in a robe, she concealed her 'Secret', which was damp with perspiration from her struggles to contain herself, and from her final loss of control, and rang for her maid, who returned with a large jug of hot water and towels warm from the airing room. The chamber pot she returned to the cupboard, because she did not want the maids to know that her first act in her bedroom had been to relieve herself. After she had washed, she ordered Beth to mop the floor and change the wet rug 'where she had spilt some water' shamelessly accusing her maid of clumsiness to hide her own loss of control, before announcing that she would rest for an hour before dressing for dinner, hoping that this would ease her aching stomach.

Later, as she dressed for dinner, she had to ease herself again, as she could not contemplate the possibility of fighting a call of nature again that day, her stomach still aching from the strain of her journey. This left the chamber pot much more than half full, and she left it under the bed, hoping that the maid would notice and empty it when she prepared her bed for the night. Victoria would have to relieve herself again before retiring for the night, and even then she would normally wake in the morning with a need so urgent that it demanded immediate attention. She still had no idea where the other facilities at Bourne House were, even if she could use a dark outside privy at night, so the chamber pot was her only possible comfort, and if it was too full to use she would be in the most awful position.

