Julie 4: The Visitor

By Dickie: August 1997 . . . . . . .

This is the fourth story in my Julie saga and this one is all completely new. Once again it is all fiction and all written by me as Julie is a figment of my imagination. She wanted to tell some of how she felt so I let her add a little bit at the end. She will have another story to herself soon; I promise.

(Besides watersports the story contains explicit sex scenes involving three people; MF,FF and FMF. Enjoy or avoid.)

###

I'd been away for a few a few days on business. We had arranged to have a meal at home when I returned; so I was looking forward to a great night in. 

Usually on occasions like this, after a few days of enforced abstinence from each other we become one wet copulating animal with two heads almost as soon as the second one of us comes through the door. Falling onto the settee we exorcise the tensions of the week, we are both away a lot, in an ocean of passion and soggy clothes. In preparation for this neither of us will use a toilet for several hours before arriving home and often get there in a state of desperation especially as we drink lots of fluids a little while before. Frequently one or the other of us will fail to make it and let loose a little on the way.

For me this was not one of those times. The train from London had been on time and I'd had two beers and a large coke in the buffet car so I was pretty full but still in control as I drove home from the station, parked up and let myself into the flat.

"Julie, hi, come & get it." I called from the hallway. 

Silence! 

I crept around the flat to see if she was hiding somewhere, but there was no sign of her. There was a bowl of salad, covered in cling film, in the refrigerator, and the ingredients for a meal on the kitchen work top, but no sign that Julie had been there for several hours, probably not since the morning. 

Satisfied that I had got home before her I removed my shoes, tie and jacket to make myself comfortable and fetched myself a cold beer. I then settled down on the couch to watch the evening news. The news finished and was followed by the weather report. When this was over I got another beer and flicked to the cartoon channel. 

By this time I was getting pretty desperate in the waterworks area and even considered using the bathroom; but if I did this I would probably have difficulty stopping once I started and could well be too empty if Julie were to walk in a few minutes later. Besides I was comfortable on the couch. I decided to just let a little out where I sat.

"Ha - that's better," the warm piss flowed into my lap and I opened my tight pressed legs to let it run down over my balls and anus, "oh bliss." A puddle formed around my ass and I revelled in the almost orgasmic sensation. I stopped pissing with still half a bladder full to go and sat back, feeling the wetness soaking into my shirt above my waist band, and took a long pull at the glass of mineral water stationed beside my beer; I had to replenish stocks of liquid and didn't want to be too drunk to perform later.

Forty minutes later I was just considering releasing a little more when I heard the sound of Julie's key in the lock. 

Holy cow there were two female voices in the hall!

One had a slight American twang. "Question seven is much better now; I'm really beginning to think we've cracked it."

"I just want another look at the last section." Julie's voice replied, "I prepared a meal for us this morning so that we can eat quickly and get down to work. Dickie won't be home 'till tomorrow so we'll have the place to ourselves to finish off all the details."

"Great what have we got, I so love your cooking;" 

I froze in panic; Julie had brought a work colleague home and wasn't expecting me. Here was I sitting on her sofa in a pool of piss. - HELP! - I gathered my wits just quickly enough to spread the newspaper over my lap as they came through the door.

"Oh," said Julie, "Dickie what are you doing here I thought you were coming home tomorrow."

I was sure it was today but I decided to ignore the remark.

"Hi," I said to the visitor. The strange woman looked at me with interest, 

I looked at her. She was a striking red head, tall and with a good sized bust. Power dressing for a mainly male office was in evidence in her outfit. She was wearing of a short navy skirt and matching jacket with a fairly formal white blouse underneath which was just thin enough to show a hint of a lacy bra. The whole spoke of efficiency with a hint of sexual potential. 

"Dickie this is my colleague from the States; Penny. Penny, meet my main man Dickie"

Penny walked over and held out her hand to me. I reached out mine without getting up. 

"Come on up you get and shake hands properly you slob." Julie whisked the paper from my lap and pulled me to my feet.

Penny drew a sharp intake of breath. "My god! Julie; he's pissed himself right there on your couch."

"Well so he has, the dirty little piss pot" 

Julie did not sound quite so alarmed as I would have expected had the situation been for real and I began to suspect a fit-up. The next event proved me right.

"Can I use your loo? Seeing all that wetness reminds me I need to go pretty urgently myself."

"I've a better idea," replied Julie, "What do you use a piss pot for?"

"Why to piss in of course." Penny replied looking at me with a gleam in her eye. "Are you sure it's OK?" she added.

"Go ahead, I'll go after you."

"Lean forward piss pot, and open your mouth." 

I leaned and I opened. 

"My aim's not very good and I might get a bit on the couch." she warned Julie. 

"That's OK it's wet anyway."

Then Penny walked right up to me cool as anything and raised her skirt. She was wearing stockings with suspenders and black silk knickers with lace trim. She pulled these aside and, directing the flow with her left index and first fingers spread her fleshy labia apart started to piss. The first flow was a bit low hitting me in the throat and running down the open neck of my cream dress shirt. She leaned back a bit and directed the stream into my mouth. 

It was hot and strong; the clear result of hours of hold it. I swallowed greedily; gulping it down as fast as I could. Until I had to breath. I shut my mouth to avoid choking and it ran over my chin and cascaded down my shirtfront to join my own wetness in my lap. I opened again and drank some more. Then another idea came to me and I brought my hand up towards the flow.

Julie, who had moved round behind the couch, grabbed my hand. "Naughty naughty, she said with a laugh.

Penny finished pissing; the final dribble splattering on the legs of my dark trousers as the flow weakened. "Did you just try and splash me?" she asked.

I nodded sheepishly.

"Well just for that you can dry me off. I was going to dampen my knickers just a little for you but now I don't think I will. Come on lick me dry."

I was only too happy to oblige and had my tongue in there clearing up the last drops as soon as I could get it in range.

"Come on hurry up, I'm bursting too," called Julie, "she said clean me up not perform cunnilingus."

I reluctantly stopped with a groan from Penny; who, equally reluctantly, moved aside and allowed Julie to take up her position.

She sprayed more erratically, considering I had had enough to drink already, and concentrated on soaking the rest of my clothes and rinsing my hair. I cleaned her up in the same way and only managed to get a little splash onto her knickers and stockings; worse luck.

Both women stood back and surveyed the sight of one totally soaked and humiliated Dickie lying on the couch in a great puddle of piss.

"I'm hungry," stated Julie, "And tired," she added. "Get off your ass and clean up this mess and then get these two nice dry clean working girls some dinner." She commanded.

"Yes Julie" I replied in a small voice, knowing when I was beaten.

"And have a shower and put on some clean clothes too; you're disgusting." She paused and thought for a moment. "Your new chino's and that Hawaiian shirt I gave you for your birthday would be nice." - - - "And a pair of those stretchy button up trunks underneath." She added as a afterthought. 

I got up without a word and stripped the cover of the couch; wiping the rubber underneath with the relatively dry section the had been over the back, and bundled it into the wash. Julie inspected the rubber carefully before I spread the fresh cover over it; and tucked it in neatly.

Penny and Julie sat down side by side on the clean dry couch and asked me to bring them a beer each; which I did play acting the waiter with a silver tray containing bottles, glasses and the opener. I even added some nuts in a bowl.

I then went and put the water on to boil for the pasta and bunged the pre- prepared sauce in the microwave before going into the bathroom. 

I stripped off my wet clothes under the flood of the shower and left them in the bottom of the tub. There is a good reason why all my clothes and machine washable and crease resistant. 

Usually I take a piss in the shower, it's a sort of reflex action as soon as the water hits my head, and I was feeling quite full again, but decided to take control and choked it off. I had a feeling I was going to need it later.

I then dressed in the clean dry clothes as specified only I added a pair of red towelling socks, dried and brushed my hair, and returned to the living room.

The two women were still on the couch, although they had hung up their jackets and the pasta was now bubbling away nicely so one of them must have got for a moment, but they were no longer watching television. Instead they were making out pretty heavily a heavy French kiss was underway and they each had a hand up the other's skirt. 

When they came up for air the Julie said; "don't just stand there gawping you've seen two women kiss before. Get us some more beers and finish the supper." They went back to making out as I brought the beers, set the table, drained the pasta and stirred in the sauce.

Only when the food was on the table did they break off. 

Over supper they talked to me a little while they ate but their attention was clearly half on the footsie that they were playing under the table. It transpired that Penny really was a sort of work colleague of Julie's, She worked for another company they contracted out to, but they had known each other since University when they had lived together for nearly two years, this was the woman, previously unnamed, whom Julie had recalled so vividly in the night club three weeks previously. She had kept extremely quiet about her pending visit; obviously plotting. They told me that Penny had been staying with Julie the whole week whilst I had been away. 

The conversation as they came in was entirely dreamed up in the lift for my benefit. They had seen the light on from outside and my car parked in the street. As they were an hour later than we had arranged Julie had guessed I would probably be wet. 

Supper was over and another beer had brought me to bursting point once more. The two women returned to the couch and continued where they left off. Feeling rather left out I was just considering where to deposit my piss when Penny called me over. "Not more beers," I thought.

"We're still thirsty," Called Penny.

"We want warm, second hand beer this time; added Julie."

I grinned, this was more like it. "in a glass or straight out the tap", I asked.

"Straight out of the tap please," they replied in unison. "But mind you don't splash" Penny added.

She should be so lucky. It would go just where I wanted it to, I was tired of taking the passive role.

I stood in front of them and Julie unzipped me and spread my fly.

"May I," Penny asked her with a smile.

"Be my guest," Julie replied. Penny reached inside my Chino's and unbuttoned the front of my trunks easing my throbbing prick out. 

Excited 'thought I was; it was only half hard as I was really bursting now. "Who's first then," I asked.

"Both together but be careful we really don't want to get wet," Julie said. They pressed their cheeks together and opened their mouths as if they were one. Using one hand each they drew my prick forward until it was an inch away from the opening. I started pissing, full flow at once I was so pressured. 

At first it went as planned. They both swallowed like mad and just kept up with me. Only a tiny drip escaping to run down between their chins and onto Penny's breast. Then Julie choked and spluttered a great gob ran out of her mouth and down her front.

I shut off the flow and drew back. I did not intend my new Chino's to get wet just yet.

Julie's blouse was soaked and her nipples showed through enticingly. Penny mopped her breast with a serviette and took the opportunity to give the nipple a quick tweak. 

"I'm starting again, ready or not," I said making sure I directed it myself this time.

I opened fire from a foot away. At first it went as before with hardly a drip escaping; then I started to move it around a few inches one way and the other. They followed remarkably well until I went up too high for them to follow and sprayed the point where their cheeks pressed together.

The piss splashed in the narrow V between their cheeks and bounced off onto first Penny's and then Julie's skirt. I followed it down and managed to hose all four of their tits before I ran dry.

Now I was the one that was comfortable, dry and empty whilst they were both full and soaked. I shook the last drips off my prick and replaced it, now rapidly hardening, in my trunks; carefully buttoning them and zipping up my Chino's to leave a large but tidy bulge.

"Stay there and don't move. I'm getting myself another beer; do you want any too or are you both completely full of piss," I asked as I went into the kitchen.

They both said more beer please. When I got back with the bottles they were standing up and gave me a twirl. Their fronts were soaked from neck to hem but they were mostly dry behind.

"We decided we have been unfair to you, cuddling each other all the time," Penny said "so we thought you would like a share a bit of a cuddle too. Sit down here," The couch was still dry except for a few splashes at one end. I sat on a dry patch and opened my beer. 

They stood and swigged theirs out of the bottle for a bit and then, ordering me to spread my legs apart, came and sat one on each knee. Their own knees intertwined in the middle. They turned towards me in unison and kissed me one on each cheek. And then cuddled down against me. I got a few damp patches on my shirt from their clothes and my prick strained in it's cloth prison oozing a damp patch of pre-come into my trunks.

They felt good, both in their own way but different. Julie was cooler and more vibrant. Penny softer and hotter with less muscle tone.

"Best get up I need the bathroom" said Penny.

"So do I but I'm so comfortable."

"Lets do it here then."

"OK I will if you will."

"One Two Three."

HISSSSSSSSS.

An incredible flood of piss erupted from both of them at once rapidly causing the already damp fronts of their skirts to glisten as it emerged. Mostly though it went straight through the backs and onto my legs. 

"Hold it; that's enough." Cried Penny. "Wet his top too." She stopped pissing and got up. Squatting over my chest she resumed pissing it funnelled down the back of her skirt and all over me.

I pulled her towards me and stuck my head under her skirt, eating her out through her knickers as she continued to piss; all over my face now.

Julie came up behind her grasping her tits from behind and anointed my crotch. Pausing momentarily in my oral exploration of Penny's, to me, new cunt. I reached down and unzipped my no longer immaculate Chinos. Julie tore at the buttons of my trunks and my prick sprang out to attention. Groping for her knickers I dragged them aside and she plunged down onto me. 

HOT, WET, PISSING CUNT, IN MOUTH, PRICK IN TIGHT, SLIPPERY, PISSING CUNT, oh my god it was too much.

I concentrated on continuing my oral endeavours with Penny. She began panting hard. She was about to come. 

Then Julie gave tongue doing her usual wolf impression; Penny howled almost as loudly and I finally shot my load; the hot spunk spurting deep into Julie. 

We collapsed in a heap. As I relaxed I pissed again washing Julie's vagina out. 

They rolled off me one each side and we lay sprawled on the soggy couch. Still fully dressed, totally pissed up and totally satiated. 

Now THAT'S the best fun you can have with your clothes on. 

We sat on that wet sofa for over an hour of me getting to know Penny and them reminiscing about Uni. Every time one of us wanted to piss they either asked who wanted it and sprayed one of the others or just let go where they sat.

It got late and we decided to clear up the living room; we made the couch civilised once more and did the washing up still in our piss soaked clothes.

It was bedtime so we shared a shower, all three of us, and undressed each other under the spray. Penny had some beautifully sexy underwear which got me aroused again so she sucked me off right there in the shower while Julie and I kissed above her the water running down between us and over Penny's head. 

Showered clean we retired to our big bed. Feeling mellow and well drained I was happy to watch for a while as they made love. Every now and then one or the other of them would remember me and give me a little stroke, cuddle or kiss but mostly they concentrated on each other. I thus got a very detailed close up, touchy-feely, demonstration of female loving and learned quite a few new tricks.

Julie came several times in succession under the expert attention of Penny's tongue and was eventually exhausted. Penny however seemed insatiable and turned her attention to me.

Stroking my cheek and with a little smile on her lips she said, "Dickie you are going to be a very luck boy if you have any energy left. Although I consider myself to be BI I mostly relate to women these days and have not had a prick inside me for three years. Now I want yours."

It was 'THAT CONDOM MOMENT' and Julie reached into the bedside cabinet and pulled one out. "I just love putting these things on a man," she said unwrapping it and putting it in her mouth, "and I don't get much opportunity since we got ourselves sorted and stopped using them on each other." She then bent forward and taking me in her mouth eased the rubber over my erection. "Lie in my lap Penny I want to be part of this."

She lay back against the pillows and Penny settled herself between her legs and rested her head in her crotch so that when I entered her Julie's legs were on either side and she could hold Penny's hands as we fucked and she thrashed around. Julie found it very arousing too and the back of Penny's neck rubbing her clitoris brought her off in unison with the two of us.

The night progressed with each of us in turn being the centre of attention for the other two and we finally fell asleep in a heap at around four.

I had to work in the morning and slipped out of bed and showered, dressed and breakfasted whilst the women still slept. When I was ready to leave I looked in on them; sleeping like babes in each other's arms. Leaning over I kissed first Julie and then Penny goodbye. They both stirred enough to return the kiss, fondle my balls through my trousers and pledge a great time when I got home. They then went back to sleep. I left for work whistling; "I've got a beautiful feeling."

JULIE:-

I just had to add this footnote to Dickie's story to tel you all how I felt. Relieved and ecstatic that's how. When I knew Penny was coming over I was deliriously happy and at the same time scared. I knew it would be impossible for me to keep out of her knickers and that we would fuck at the first opportunity, or before; but how would Dickie take it? He was full of this open relationship guff, 'polyamory' he called it, but I wondered what would happen in practice, when he was confronted with Penny and I together. 

Fortunately he was away when she got here and we could become re-acquainted over four days before he returned. In a funk I avoided telling him she was coming and felt guilty about this too. It was during those days that we devised the plan to have him waiting for us having already pissed himself. I knew he wouldn't use the toilet and that after two hours he would almost certainly be very wet indeed. 

The plan worked like a dream. He was scared, humiliated and very turned on as the above account indicates. And he loved the whole thing and accepted Penny one hundred percent. He says that if Penny was not going back to America in two days time he would come to love her ALMOST as much as he does me. Perhaps it is just as well she is going; except that if I had a free choice I'm not sure which of them I would choose. Maybe I would go with her if I had the opportunity.

When Dickie had gone we went back to sleep for an hour and then awoke and made love in a slow gentle way; totally different to the wild passion of the night before. We even managed, with a bit of effort, to keep the bed dry until we had finished; this was our first dry bed all week.

I went and made tea and brought it back to bed. We sat there sipping it when Penny had a sneezing fit and spilled some of hers over the sheets. 

"Oh well what's a bit more laundry amongst so much," I sighed. "Now I need the bathroom really badly. But I really can't be bothered to get up"

Penny looked at me with her mischievous little grin. "Me too. - - Shall we?"

"Oh what the hell, give us a cuddle then," I pulled her towards me and we hugged close, legs entwined under the warm, soft, dry duvet and then we kissed once more.

In whispered unison; "one two three."

HISSSSSSSSSSSSSSS - "Oooooh - Aaaaaah," - HISSSSSSSSS.

The end.

